Update INFRASTRUCTURE_MENU.md (#1311)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: project-resources/INFRASTRUCTURE_MENU.md

## SSL Certificates
The OpenJS Foundation will purchase 2-year wildcard SSL certs for each project's managed domains as needed.

## Software Signing Certificates

> The OpenJS Foundation can purchase software signing certificates for Apple and Windows (via DigiCert).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenJS Foundation can purchase software signing certificates for Mac/iOS and Windows (via DigiCert).
```
(Apple and Microsoft are companies, Mac, iOS, and Windows are operating systems)
